docs: add "deploy application using an incoming hook" post (#674)
devopness/devopness: docs/webhooks/index.md

---
title: Webhooks

> intro: In this section you will learn how to create an incoming webhook.

Reviewer: Suggesting a broader/generic text that leaves room to use same structure in the future for documenting both incoming and outgoing hooks:
```suggestion
intro: In this section you will learn how to create webhooks to receive events from external systems and to notify external systems of events that triggered on your applications and infrastructure environments.
```
